the strict professor a student put his
final exam paper
into the pile of the other student's
papers the professor told him
i saw you were cheating at the exam
you'll get an automatic fail
then the student asked him do you know
who i am the professor answered
i neither know nor care who you are
you have to be punished for your
dishonesty the student walked away
when the exam scores were announced he
discovered he'd gotten an
a how come
the professor indeed didn't know who the
student was
that's why he graded his paper just like
anyone else's
the chef's out the owner of the
restaurant
vegan paradise called the police he was
in a panic
someone has attacked our chef he was
taken to a hospital several minutes ago
our rivals must have sent someone to
ruin my business
when the police officers came to the
restaurant they learned that three
people had been
in the staff area during the accident
the first cook was cutting onions when
the chef was hurt
he told the police his vision had been
blurred because of the tears
and he hadn't seen anything the second
cook was peeling shrimps
when the accident happened he said he
had been listening to music through his
earphones
and he hadn't heard anything the third
person
a waitress claimed she had been serving
lemonade outside
who's lying
the second cook attacked the chef come
on shrimps in a vegan restaurant
really wolf paradox
three wolves were walking in the snow in
a line
one of them says there are no wolves in
front of me
another says there's one wolf in front
of me and one behind
the third wolf says there are two wolves
in front of me
and one behind in which case is it
possible
it's possible only if the third wolf's
lying
puppy mystery emily had a puppy she
loved to the moon and back
but those around her couldn't stand the
adorable pooch
emily's husband hated how much time his
wife spent with the dog
her friend deborah didn't like that
every time she visited emily
she had fur on her clothes and the
family maid just wasn't a fan of animals
one day emily came home and didn't find
her puppy
the woman was furious her husband told
her he had just come back from work
and knew nothing about the dog her
friend got offended
i left my scarf here last evening i've
come to pick it up the maid claimed she
hadn't even come
close to the pup because of her allergy
who knows where the pooch is
there's pet hair all over the floor why
doesn't the maid have an allergy to it
she's lying truth or not
eric a police detective was having lunch
in a cafe
at some moment he went to the bathroom
and left his smartphone on the table
when he came back the phone was gone the
detective saw a man leaving the place
and ran
after him eric stopped him when the man
was about to sit in a car
the detective told the man to give him
his gadget back
but the man seemed confused i know
nothing about your phone
i just gave my friends a lift to work
and he pointed at two men
entering an office building after
hearing this
eric immediately called the police why
[Music]
the man lied his car was a sports
convertible with just two seats
the car wouldn't have fit three men
who went out in the middle of the night
dennis was woken up by a loud crash
one of the kids must have been out but
they know they
aren't allowed to leave after curfew the
man went to check on the children
all three of them catherine ruth and
larry seemed to be sleeping peacefully
look at the kids and try to figure out
who sneaked out of the house
it was ruth there's a dirty sneaker
hidden behind the curtain
and several pieces of french fries under
her bed theft on a train
brenda was traveling by train it was
scorching hot in the carriage
the girl took off her gold bracelet
decorated with diamonds
and put it on the table in front of her
several minutes later
the train entered a tunnel and it got
pitch dark
when the tunnel was left behind there
was no bracelet on the table
boy i'm surprised brenda was shocked
someone's taken my bracelet there were
just three
other people in the compartment helen
said she'd been sleeping
rachel was reading a book on her phone
and gregory had gone to the bathroom
even before the train entered the tunnel
who took the bracelet
[Music]
it was helen at first she had her
sleeves rolled up
but now they covered her arms down to
the wrists
hiding the bracelet underwater fire
a sailor got a letter from his
girlfriend in this message
she told him she cheated on him the man
was so
furious he managed to burn the letter
under the water
after doing it he got arrested how was
it all possible
the man was a sailor on a submarine
a new year party emma was giving a new
year party
everyone was having the time of their
lives but then
someone snuck into the kitchen and added
something to
all the drinks emma and all her guests
got
food poisoning only three guys were okay
they hadn't been drinking anything and
it looked suspicious
the first said he was into sports and
had to stay fresh for his morning run
the second guy blushed but admitted that
he liked emma
he had been waiting for an opportunity
to talk to her for the entire evening
and the third guy complained he had been
having a stomachache since the beginning
of the party
he didn't want to make it worse by
drinking anything
who poisoned the drinks
[Music]
it was the second guy he has shoe covers
on
he was wearing them not to leave
footprints on the kitchen floor
king's air an old king has passed away
two men the true heir and an imposter
claimed to be his long-lost son both fit
the description
in their 30s tall blonde and with facial
features similar to those of the late
king
one of the ministers suggests a blood
test to identify the true
heir one man immediately agrees while
the other
flatly refuses surprisingly the one who
has agreed is arrested
while the other man is correctly
accepted as the rightful heir
why
the minister knew the true prince was a
hemophiliac
it means his blood doesn't clot properly
that's why a blood test would be fatal
for him
impossible you are alone in a room
but there's also a thief in the same
room
how is it possible
sorry to break it to you but you're the
thief
which mom's rich look at these beautiful
young moms
they both look stylish but only one of
them is loaded
which one
[Music]
the second mom's rich look attentively
at the first woman's baby carriage
there's a sale tag on it a mysterious
door a man walked into a room and saw
three doors the first one had a sign
which read
to the swamps on the second door there
was a note
lion's den the third door didn't have
any sign
but the man knew for sure where it led
how
it was the door he had entered through
a missing millionaire police got a call
from the house of a wealthy man who
hadn't come
back after going for a jog when several
officers arrived
they questioned the maid the
millionaire's wife and his driver
the mate said when mr jones went for a
jog he asked me to prepare his breakfast
i immediately got down to work but it's
been three hours
and he hasn't returned yet the wife was
worried too
i saw him in the morning but he was in a
hurry we just greeted each other and i
went to work
the driver told the police he had been
waiting for his boss in the car
smoking and checking his social media
who knows something about the
millionaire's disappearance
the maids lying if she had cut the
apples for breakfast three hours ago
they would have turned brown by now
king's decision once a king
asked his advisors what should i do to a
person who will dare to touch my beard
i need to punish this crime somehow the
first advisor said
put them in prison for three years the
second advisor answered
oh make them leave the country and tell
them to never come back
the third advisor provided an unexpected
reply
they should be given sweets the king
thought for a while and agreed with the
third advisor
why
[Music]
the only one daring enough to touch
someone's beard
especially if it belongs to a king will
be a child